                    CSE 260, Parallel Computation
                            (Fall 2022)
           Department of Computer Science and Engineering 	
                 University of California, San Diego 	


		Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #1

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form. 
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.
If you worked alone leave column B blank

(1) List the names of your team members:

A: Xiaofeng Zhao

 
B: Haiyu Zhang

 
 
(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

  	                           A 	          B
meetings 	  	           20	           20	
coding 	  	           12             14     
writeup 	  	           4	            8 
planning (alone) 	            2	            2	 
total (including meetings)    38           38	  	  	 


(3) Discuss the following.
(a) If you worked in a team, what were the major responsibilities
    of each team member?
     A: Code main programme(first version packA, packB and Kernel)
         Answer questions Q2b,Q2c,Q2e in report template
     B: optimize the microkernel to reach 12.76
     	Test the program on different sizes of data
         Collect data and make plot
         Answer rest questions in report template
         Wake up (physically) A every day  
(b) Did you complete the assignment?
      Yes. 
(c) What were your major strengths and weaknesses in doing this
    assignment (individually or in a team)?
    If in a team, also discuss how your team worked together.
     Our team don't have a good architecture background. It took us a lot effort to get familiar with the 
     mechanism of caches, register etc..
     The good thing is that we both are super devoted to the assignment. We start a little bit later becasue
     A enrolled this course on the enrollment deadline. In the last 3 days, we almost use every bit of our time
     to push forward our project. 
(d) What  lessons did you learn from these events.
      Checkout the prerequist(should take CSE240A before) before enrollment!
      If possible, teammates should have different talents.
(e) If in a team, whether and how you plan to change the way
    your work together .
      Discussion before coding!
(f) Anything else that comes to mind.
 N/A
(g) What suggestions do you have to improve this assignment?
 Instructions can be more detailed and organized.
Survey like this can be google form. Writing a plain text 
